Update README.md (#7311)
VSCodeVim/Vim: README.md

### Mac

> To enable key-repeating execute the following in your Terminal, logout user & then start VS Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable key-repeating, execute the following in your Terminal, log out and back in, and then restart VS Code:
```
